[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to Beyond Belief.
Sheila Seppi is with
us, joining us today.
She's the founder of the
Conscious Awakening Network
and a co-author with
one of our dear friends,
Barbara Lamb of
Cosmic Convergence--
Journeys of walk-ins,
starseeds, and hybrids.
And a walk-in soul
herself, she is
dedicated to multidimensional
healing and spiritual awakening.
She also channels
her future self,
an Andromedan star
mother named Tiamu.
Sheila, welcome to the program!
>>SHEILA SEPPI: Thanks so much.
I'm excited to be here.
>>NOORY: There's a lot
to talk with you about.
Oh my gosh!
>>SEPPI: [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: How is Barbara doing?
>>SEPPI: Barbara is doing great.
Thank you for asking.
>>NOORY: I love that lady.
She's just one of a kind.
>>SEPPI: Yes.
It was very fun to
write the book with her.
>>NOORY: How did you
team up with her?
>>SEPPI: Actually, Barbara had
conducted a past life regression
on me.
I had met her several
years ago, actually,
when she came here to Boulder,
and you were interviewing her.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>SEPPI: So she did a past
life regression on me,
and she helped me to deepen
my understanding of what
it was to be a walk-in and to
validate a lot of the things
that I knew but I really just
wanted a lot more clarity on.
>>NOORY: Tell us
what a walk-in is.
>>SEPPI: Well, there's several
different types walk-ins.
And I do want to preface that if
this experience hadn't happened
to me, I'm not even sure
I would have believed
such a thing possible, because
the type of walk-in that I am
is a soul exchange walk-in.
And what that means
is the original soul,
or the natal soul, to this body
left, and a new soul came in.
And this soul was of
a higher vibration.
I actually was a very, very
sick person prior to that time.
I had been diagnosed
with bone cancer,
brain tumors, fibromyalgia--
>>NOORY: Oh my god!
>>SEPPI: --chronic fatigue.
They said I would
be in a wheelchair
by the time I was 48
because I had the beginning
stages of multiple sclerosis.
I had RA, you name it.
I had a plethora of things.
And I went to bed that way.
And what happened was, as the
morning started coming around,
I felt myself being pulled
bolt right up in bed,
and it was like lightning
ran through my body.
And then I was in white space.
Now, I don't know how
long I was in white space,
but when I started
coming back to myself,
first, my peripheral vision came
in, and then my frontal vision.
And as I'm sitting there looking
around the room, of course,
the first thing I'm
thinking is, what am I
doing sitting up in bed?
>>NOORY: Really?
>>SEPPI: But the other
thing was, everything
felt totally different.
It felt fresh.
It felt new.
And I didn't understand
what was going on.
So when I got out of bed and
I put my feet on the carpet,
it was as if I had never
experienced carpet before.
And as I walked
across the carpet
and I caught my
reflection in the mirror,
it was as if I was
looking at myself
out of someone else's eyes.
And then all of a sudden, all
of my clairs came online--
my clairvoyance,
clairaudience, clairsentience.
I was seeing people
walking around.
I was hearing them talk to me.
And then, I started
remembering past lives that
were associated with the body
because of the cellular memory
that had been activated.
So then the next thing
that happened from there--
of course, now I'm
starting to think,
OK, there's something
really wrong with me
because I'm losing
it, because I started
remembering healing modalities
that I had never studied.
And all of these universal
truths and quantum physics
information was running
around in my mind.
And I had never,
ever studied, nor had
I had an interest in that.
As a matter of fact, I had never
even read a metaphysical book
in my entire life.
And over the course of
the next three months,
everything about me changed.
My personality 100%
changed from the way
that I dressed, to the way
I articulated my sentences,
to the foods that I ate, to the
people that I surrounded myself
with.
>>NOORY: You became
a different person.
>>SEPPI: I was a totally
different person.
Within three months, I
also left that marriage
because there was
no resonance, and it
was already dysfunctional.
No doubt that was part of
the illness that I had.
But everything about me changed.
And I had three small children.
And one of the beautiful
things about that
was, for the first
time in their life,
I was able to play with them.
I could run.
I could jump with them.
We could go to the park.
>>NOORY: They had mommy back.
>>SEPPI: Exactly.
Well, they'd never had mommy.
They had her for the first time.
So that was a very exciting
time for them as well.
But as time went on,
everybody around me
just sort of
started fading away.
I lost all of my friends.
Family started looking at me
like I was a little odd, as I
started to share this story.
But then as I started
going through the divorce,
there were a few
people that said
you know what, you can't talk
about this walk-in thing,
because if you do, you might
have your children taken away.
So I clammed up about it.
And actually, for years,
I felt uncomfortable
in certain situations.
But after those
first three months,
I started really
anchoring into the body.
And then I moved to
a different state.
And that's where I found
my first spiritual teacher,
actually, by accident.
I was looking for a therapist
because I thought maybe
I was losing my mind.
I had--
>>NOORY: Wow!
>>SEPPI: --no other
explanation than maybe I
was having a psychotic
break to everything that
was happening to me,
because 25 years ago, it's
not like you had the
internet that you could
start typing all
your symptoms into
and have something to come up.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>SEPPI: And there was no
one to talk to about this.
So my therapist actually
was of Hopi lineage,
and she herself was a walk-in.
>>NOORY: She got it.
>>SEPPI: And she recognized.
>>SEPPI: She got it.
>>NOORY: Where did the
old soul go, Sheila?
>>SEPPI: When a walk-in,
especially a soul exchange
walk-in, occurs, that
soul leaves the body.
Now, people have to understand--
>>NOORY: Wasn't that you?
>>SEPPI: Well, that was
the natal soul to the body.
I am a brand-new
soul to this body.
So what happened
with the other soul
is they left to continue their
expansion on the other side,
or to maybe incarnate
on a different planet.
I don't know what
happened to them.
But any time that a
soul exchange occurs
or any type of soul
augmentation happens,
it has to be written in a
birth plan or a pre-birth plan.
Now, in my case, I am part
of a collective of beings.
So when I came in, I
brought in an aspect
that would be at the strongest
resonance with this weak body.
And that's what caused
the instantaneous healing,
because the soul vibrated
at a different frequency.
As it entered in, it was able
to anchor into the physical form
without frying the biology.
And then the healing took place.
>>NOORY: Sheila, what
initiated the walk-in?
Who created it?
Did you do that, or did
some entity do this?
>>SEPPI: Well, actually,
before I incarnated,
I was part of a collective
of beings that was actually
working on the crystalline
grid that surrounds the planet.
And when the soul--
>>NOORY: You're talking
about the soul or you?
>>SEPPI: Me.
The aspect of the
soul that I am now
is part of a larger
group of souls,
which is called The Collective.
So that includes my
Arcturian, Andromedan,
all of the various
lifetimes that I have ever
participated in all of the
multidimensional lifetimes.
And all of those souls
come back together
in what's called The Collective.
A lot of people refer
to that as an oversoul,
but because we were actually--
had moved into the
seventh density,
we had begun to assimilate
with other souls,
and we began to merge.
And so Gaia sent out a resonance
call, and we came to the Earth
and assisted with the
awakening codes and the repair
of the crystalline grid.
So when the soul of this body
cried out to be released,
The Collective decided
that I, the person
you're speaking to
right now, would
be the aspect that comes in.
But I'm still fully
connected with my Collective.
And depending on
what's happening--
let's say if I'm conducting
a healing session--
I may have more of my
Arcturian energy that comes in,
or more Andromedan energy, or I
might have angelic energy that
begins to flow
through me as I work
on the holographic
structure of a person.
>>NOORY: Do you miss
the other soul at all?
>>SEPPI: No.
It's not that I miss the other
soul, because when I came in,
I actually had
very few memories.
I did remember my children.
I had a few beautiful, special
memories of my children,
as well as my parents, but
I was very disconnected
from everyone else.
Over time, through
being shown photographs
and meeting with
other family members,
I've started to
create new memories.
remember a few things
after being shown photographs.
But the reality of it is,
when I came into this body,
I came in as the person that's
sitting here in front of you
without the memories
of that other person.
>>NOORY: Then you came into
contact with Barbara Lamb.
How did that magic occur?
>>SEPPI: We actually had
been attending the Starworks
Conference in Nevada.
And I was introduced
to her, and she told me
that she was coming to
actually be interviewed by you.
And I'm like, Barbara,
I live in Leadville.
Can I come and have a session?
And she goes, I'm only
going to do one session.
And since you ask, yes,
you can have that session.
>>NOORY: And then you
collaborated on the book?
>>SEPPI: We did.
>>NOORY: Cosmic Convergence.
>>SEPPI: We stayed
very-- mm-hmm.
We stayed very close
friends for a long time,
and we conversed back and forth.
And when I wrote the book, I
called Barbara, and I said,
Barbara, I would love to
have you to contribute
some of the case studies about
walk-ins, starseeds and hybrids.
So as I began to
write other portions,
she began to fine-tune
all of the case studies.
And then we would
work back and forth,
and I'd pick up the phone--
Barbara, what do you think
about this paragraph?
Barbara, what do you
think about that?
So it was a really
fun experience.
>>NOORY: Well, Sheila,
throughout the program,
tonight, we're going to be
tapping into Barbara Lamb
quite a bit.
>>SEPPI: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And here is she
talking about the book
Cosmic Convergence that
the two of you wrote.
>>BARBARA LAMB: My
name is Barbara Lamb,
and I am the co-author of
the book Cosmic Convergence.
I have known Sheila Seppi
for several years now
and have actually worked with
her in regression sessions
to find out more details
about her being a walk-in.
When Sheila launched upon
writing this wonderful book,
she invited me to participate
and to give some case studies
of walk-ins and
starseeds and hybrids.
Fortunately, since
1991, I have been
working with many
people who have
had extraterrestrial experiences
and who are walk-ins, starseeds,
and hybrids.
I have done hypnotic regressions
with them to find out
more about their journey, and
how they came here, and did
a soul exchange
with somebody here,
and how they are here to live
a life of wonderful service
to humanity.
So it gives a
wonderful grounding,
a personal interest aspect to
the book Cosmic Convergence.
To really hear
summaries of the work
that I've done with several
walk-ins, a few starseeds,
and a few ET human hybrids who
are living here amongst us,
it's been a great
privilege to be
part of this book
and part of sharing
this kind of information.
I think that most
people just don't know
about these types of people.
>>NOORY: What a
remarkable person!
>>SEPPI: Yes.
>>NOORY: Isn't she
inspirational all the way?
>>SEPPI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Sheila, tell us
about Cosmic Convergence.
>>SEPPI: I really enjoyed
writing this book.
And in the front, the
entire first section
is dedicated to discussing some
of the multidimensional aspects
about the universe.
We talk about dimensions
and densities.
We talk about timelines
and parallel universes.
And then I also talk about the
holographic grid of the body
and how it connects out
to the holographic grid
of the universe.
And then we delve deep into
a discussion about walk-ins.
And then Barbara has case
studies about walk-ins.
We talk about starseeds,
and Barbara has
case studies about starseeds.
And then we talk about
hybrids, and Barbara has
the case studies about hybrids.
And it was my intention
when we wrote this book
that it would serve really
as a manual for people,
because I've tried to take
some of those concepts that
came in with me when I first
arrived and break them down
into digestible chunks so
people can pick up the book.
They can flip through.
They can read a section,
put it down, digest it,
pick it back up, read
another section, digest it.
And I wrote it as
if I was writing it
for myself as just having
come onto this planet.
>>NOORY: Well, we were
talking about walk-ins,
but give us your
definition of starseeds.
>>SEPPI: Well, a
starseed is a soul that
has come from either a
planetary system, a realm,
or they have come directly
from a particular planet.
Now, when starseeds
come to this planet,
they bring with them a
plethora of information.
Typically, they're still
connected in some ways
to their own star
families, so they're
able to bring in higher
vibrational frequencies
and anchor those
onto the planets.
And many of them will bring in
a variety of healing modalities
as well.
>>NOORY: And hybrids would be?
>>SEPPI: Hybrids
are ETs and human.
With a hybrid, there are several
different types of hybrids.
We're not talking
about the Secret kind
of hybrids that go on.
What we're talking
about are actually
hybrids that have
extraterrestrial DNA
and human DNA.
And that can occur
several different ways.
One way is a woman can actually
be pregnant, taken onto a craft,
and interjected through
her belly button
with a special type of DNA.
It can--
>>NOORY: Like classic
abduction case.
>>SEPPI: It could be.
It could be.
And one of the
things that I find
is, as I have worked with people
who themselves say that they
have been abducted, they begin
to realize that on some level,
on a soul level, that may have
been written into their birth
plan.
And they find that
they also may be
part of that genetic lineage
of those beings that took them.
So not all abductions are
what we would say scary.
A lot of them-- women will
actually be taken onto craft,
and they get to visit with
their own hybrid children.
>>NOORY: Do they
know it's their kid?
>>SEPPI: They do.
They do.
>>NOORY: If you had
your pick, would you
be a walk-in, a
starseed, or a hybrid.
>>SEPPI: Well, I love being
a walk-in, I have to say.
But I am a starseeded walk-in.
And I believe that
in some way we all
have hybridized bodies
in some form or fashion.
So being a walk-in, honestly,
has totally changed my life.
It's been for the better.
I have such a desire to
be in service to humanity
and to really be a conduit
to allow that energy
to flow through, to help
an individual or groups.
>>NOORY: I was going to say,
has being a walk-in helped you
or helped society?
>>SEPPI: Well, I
think probably both.
I do know that this body
was very, very sick prior
to my coming into it.
So the walk-in's frequency
helped to heal this body.
As far as being in
service, I think
I am in service
individually to people
when I'm providing healing
sessions or counseling sessions,
as well as to groups, because
I also work with groups.
>>NOORY: What do you think,
Sheila of ET disclosure.
Is it going to happen?
>>SEPPI: Well, ET disclosure
is happening already.
Many people are bringing
through this disclosure.
The internet is
full of photographs
that individuals have taken.
If you're talking about
it on a government basis,
I believe that that
will come a little bit
slower so that they can help
to prepare the population.
>>NOORY: Is there a mission
of walk-ins, starseeds,
and hybrids?
>>SEPPI: Yes.
>>NOORY: What is that mission?
>>SEPPI: So most of the walk-ins
that come in to be a wayshower
and to help humanity to work
through any collective energies
that they may have stored
in their holographic field
to help them with forgiveness,
also to help to raise
their vibrational frequency.
Starseeds also come in with
a very similar mission,
and they also work very
deeply with the planet
as well as with all the animals.
And then the hybrids come in.
They really are here
to serve as a bridge
and to serve as a welcoming
committee, if you will,
for the galactics to come in.
>>NOORY: Barbara
Lamb is with us again
to talk about walk-ins,
starseeds and hybrids.
>>LAMB: This book,
Cosmic Convergence,
is wonderful in
letting people know
about so many different
kinds of people, beings,
consciousness that there
are living amongst us
and that there is
really a force for good.
The walk-ins, the
starseeds, and the hybrids
are all here to
really give service,
to be helpful to humanity and
to bring knowledge, wisdom,
awareness of all of these higher
other dimensions of reality.
So I think it is really
extremely important
to know that in addition
to all the things going
on in the world, which
we're mostly aware of,
that there are other
beings of various types
who are not originally
from here but who
have made the effort to
come here one way or another
as a walk-in, born
here as a starseed,
or born here as a hybrid
to really bring information
to us from a higher
realm, to bring
goodness and helpfulness to us.
So these three
types of beings, who
are living right amongst
us all over the world,
are really expanding
our awareness of reality
and the goodness that is
out there and can be ours.
>>NOORY: Are these visitations
of walk-ins, starseeds,
and hybrids happening
throughout the universe,
or just on good
old planet Earth?
>>SEPPI: Well, right
now, we know for sure
that they're here
on planet Earth.
Starseeds, of course, are
spread all throughout the galaxy
because starseeds are
souls from other planets.
And I am sure that there
are other types of hybrids
as well, because
many of the hybrids
will choose to stay
aboard the craft.
They may become
pilots of the craft.
They may become emissaries,
or they may become diplomats
or be parts of councils.
So we do know that walk-ins,
starseeds, and hybrids are
everywhere within our galaxy.
>>NOORY: Sheila, what
does a hybrid look like?
>>SEPPI: Well, a hybrid
can look just like us.
A lot of times they will
have characteristics
that you might be drawn to.
Like, their eyes may
be a little bit larger.
They may have a
unique skin tone.
And I have seen hybrids that
when they're out in the sun,
they kind of glisten
just a little bit.
So a hybrid is truly designed
so that they fit in to society,
because it's not so much that
people understand that they're
a hybrid as they understand the
information and their ability
to serve as that bridge
with the galactics.
>>NOORY: So does a hybrid
know they're a hybrid?
>>SEPPI: Many do, yes.
But I'm sure that there
are some that do not,
just as some walk-ins don't
know that they're walk-ins,
or starseeds have
not yet awakened.
>>NOORY: Are you
totally cured now?
>>SEPPI: Of the illnesses?
I was instantaneously healed.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Miracle?
>>SEPPI: I would say so.
>>NOORY: Are they
spiritual, these walk-ins?
>>SEPPI: The ones that
I know, absolutely.
One of the concerns
that I had when I first
entered into the
body, because I really
didn't know a lot
about walk-ins,
was that I was a body snatcher.
And working with
my Collective, they
helped me to
understand that there
has to be a pre-birth plan.
There has to be an
agreement with the soul
and the body for a walk-in
to be able to enter.
So that really put
my mind at ease.
The other thing that
there's a misconception
that people think that it's
a possession of some type.
Well, possessions typically
involve lower vibrating entities
entering into the
field of the person
or actually penetrating
into the body of the person
without their permission.
Walk-ins always arrive
with permission.
>>NOORY: So it's not like
you're being possessed?
>>SEPPI: No.
Not at all, not at all.
Vibrations is what
dictates that.
Any type of a possession is
a very low vibrational state.
When walk-ins
arrive, they actually
have a higher vibration
within their soul energy
than the soul that left.
>>NOORY: Sheila, if
you told a priest
you're a walk-in, that
you had another soul,
and the old one walked out,
what do you think he would say?
>>SEPPI: Well, it depends on
how open the priest would be.
Sometimes, it's very
difficult for walk-ins
to share their stories
because there's
a great deal of skepticism.
Sometimes, people think that
walk-ins are delusional.
They think that walk-ins
have had psychotic breaks.
They think that walk-ins are
some type of a possession.
And I went through
all of those ideas
myself when I was learning
more about who I am.
So when I had my mind put at
ease, anytime someone talks
to me about it, I'm very
open, and I share with them
what I know.
And I can say that
my story has never
changed since I've
entered into the body.
Through the help
of Barbara Lamb,
with hypnosis, I have
learned a little bit more
and been able to expand.
And I know that I came
here with a higher purpose.
>>NOORY: Is there a
galactic federation?
>>SEPPI: There are
galactic federations.
Yes, there are.
>>NOORY: What are
they trying to do?
>>SEPPI: Well, it depends
on who you talk to.
So with the galactic
federations that I am aware of,
they are very positive
nature and they're
made up of representatives
from different star systems.
They are made up
of representatives
from different planets.
And soon, we hope
that planet Earth
will be able to join
that because we will
have met our galactic families
and embrace the fact that we too
are from the stars.
>>NOORY: That brings
us up to Barbara Lamb
talking again about
galactic beings
and how they help
us on this planet.
>>LAMB: Galactic beings give
a lot of messages to humanity,
and very often they give
them through the walk-ins
and the starseeds
and the hybrids.
Their messages are
always very benevolent.
They are very caring
about humanity.
They want humanity to
wake up and realize
that we are part of this
universal cosmic community,
even though most human beings do
not think of ourselves that way.
So they want us to
be aware of them
and that there are millions
of planets out there
that have very conscious,
intelligent life,
and that we would do very well
if we would be aware of them
and want to be more
like them in the sense
of an enlightened consciousness.
Human beings tend to be
very, very focused on what's
going on here on Earth.
And indeed, there is a lot
But the picture is so
much bigger than that.
So these beings
out there in space
would like us to really
wake up and realize
that we're actually
part of an incredibly
enormous galactic community.
They would like us to
evolve in our consciousness
to be more kind and
benevolent to each other
or to work things out well
together, to cooperate,
not to be over and against
each other in really any way.
So they are really
trying to evolve
the consciousness of humanity.
>>NOORY: What does
the galactic community
think about us, Sheila?
>>SEPPI: Well, the
galactic community
has been here for
many, many years,
even possibly since humans
were here on the planet,
kind of watching over
us and overseeing.
But there's only so much that
they can do from up there.
And that's one reason why there
is a walk-in program, because I
am like boots on the ground.
I can talk face to face with you
and articulate some of the ideas
that they share with me.
>>NOORY: Do you believe in God?
>>SEPPI: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Do they?
>>SEPPI: Absolutely, yes.
My understanding-- and that was
one of the very first questions
that I asked my Collective--
was, where exactly
did we come from?
And as I was explained, there
is the energy of the source.
Some people call that
God, Father, Mother, God,
prime source, creator,
the divine one.
There are many, many names
that this energy goes by.
And when this energy
desired to know itself,
then these thought
forms began to create.
But they weren't
just thought forms.
They began to serve templates.
And within these
templates were blueprints.
And one of those blueprints
is what was for our souls.
And then we had
the unfolding that
began to occur in
the form of what's
called the Master Oversoul.
The Master Oversoul is not
just for humanity's oversoul.
It is for all of our galactic
brothers and sisters.
So we all are souls
having various experiences
for the edification and
the ability for source
to be able to understand what
it's like to be the created.
So from that master
oversoul, then there
are vibrations that
begin to occur that start
to come together that create
what we call the soul families.
And within the soul
families, of course,
as they begin to come
together, they're soul groups.
But they're made up of
individual oversouls,
or what we would call
the primary oversoul.
Let's say this is the oversoul.
Each oversoul can be
having a multitude
of experiences all at one time.
That's what creates
the multiple lifetimes,
the multidimensionality.
So as this begins
to incarnate, this
would be called
the Sheantiaskaan.
And within the
Sheantiaskaan, it's
kind of a miniature
cloud storage.
And it has all
the choice points.
It has all the information.
It has everything that we
need for the spiritual bodies.
It has what we
need to connect in
with all the cosmic templates.
It has that individual higher
self stream that comes in.
And then as that
higher self stream
attaches to the
physical form, that's
called the soul or the
personality of the lifetime.
So when we are having an
individual experience,
we can be having
many other lifetimes.
And sometimes when we
experience what a lot of people
call deja vu,
that's actually when
we're having a resonant
frequency match with one
of our other Sheantiaskaans.
So it could be that resonant
match is in a multiple lifetime.
It could be in a
parallel lifetime.
It could even be
on another planet.
>>NOORY: If you didn't
have this walk-in occur,
would you be dead by now?
>>SEPPI: I would be.
I would be.
So the walk-in not
only allowed this body
to continue its
animation, it was
able to then help raise the
children, which are very special
in and of their own rights.
>>NOORY: Now, you channel
as well, don't you?
>>SEPPI: Yes.
>>NOORY: Who do you channel?
>>SEPPI: I channel Tiamu.
And Tiamu came to me-- actually.
Tiamu helped inspire
the writing of the book.
But Tiamu is part
of my Collective,
and she identified herself as
an Elder Mother Andromedan.
And she said that she was
a future aspect of me,
still as part of my Collective,
because collectives operate
in multiple timelines
outside, actually, of time,
but they operate in a different
dimension, different densities.
So Tiamu began to come to
me through Light Language.
And I woke up one morning and
I was speaking Light Language,
and I could not stop.
All morning I was
speaking Light Language.
In the shower, I was
And I was just like,
what is going on?
And then I heard the voice.
And she said, I am Tiamu.
I am an elder mother
from Andromeda.
I am a future aspect of you.
>>NOORY: She found
you or you found her?
>>SEPPI: Well, we are
all one in the same.
So it was an aspect of
myself that woke up.
>>NOORY: Do you
channel her at will?
>>SEPPI: Yes.
>>NOORY: Would you do that now?
>>SEPPI: Sure.
>>NOORY: And I'll ask her
questions about the universe.
How do you get into your mode?
>>SEPPI: So she will first come
in by speaking Light Language.
And I would be what's called
a conscious channel, unless I
really go deep into
the Light Language
and then I just
kind of lose myself
and give myself over to that.
But for the purpose
of asking questions,
I'll remain a conscious channel.
But she will come in
through Light Language,
so we'll just welcome her in.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
So she's happy to
be here, and she's
ready to answer your questions.
>>NOORY: Are you
aware what she says--
>>SEPPI: Yes.
>>NOORY: --in your
physical body?
>>SEPPI: Yes.
>>NOORY: So I can get back
to you at any time I want?
>>SEPPI: Yes.
It'll just take a second.
>>NOORY: Tiamu, what
planet are you from?
>>SEPPI: Andromeda.
I am from actually a biosphere.
The Andromedan planet that
I was on has long been gone.
And we have been for many,
many years on a biosphere.
It looks as if a planet,
as if it were a planet,
but we move throughout
space and time.
>>NOORY: Who is your creator?
>>SEPPI: My creator is the
Prime Source, the same as yours.
>>NOORY: Tell me
about the Big Bang,
because nobody can
explain it to me.
>>SEPPI: The Big
Bang is what we know
is when we had all
of the molecules,
we had everything necessary
for life to come together
in an explosion that began
to expand throughout what
we call time-space.
And this then began
to form universes.
It actually is, as we
were talking earlier,
it was one of the templates
of creation that unfolded.
And the Big Bang is
not just the only one.
There are many other
universes as we know them.
>>NOORY: How could something
start from nothing?
>>SEPPI: Well, the Prime
Source has always been.
>>NOORY: If you were talking
to a group of physics experts,
what would you tell them
about this universe?
>>SEPPI: Well, the universe is
varied in all the life forms.
There are hundreds
of thousands, if not
millions, of life forms
that are out there.
There are so many
planets that have life.
There are moons that have life.
There are stars and even
suns that have life on them.
And all of these
lives are conscious.
Some of them may be
not what you would
think of as a humanoid species.
They may be more like the wind.
They may be more like
the water droplets.
And they may be more
like geometric shapes.
>>NOORY: You have an opportunity
to talk to the human race
right now.
What would you
like them to know?
>>SEPPI: We would
like them to know
that forgiveness and love is
the prime need on this planet
right now, and that if
people could drop deep
within themselves, begin to
heal their own soul wounds,
allow love to flow
through, this planet would
raise in its vibration.
And when the planet
raises in the vibration,
there is a ripple
that is occurring
from each and every human that
helps to raise this frequency.
And as the frequency raises, it
can actually move into a higher
state into a 5D, a
6D, even a 7D planet.
>>NOORY: Tiamu, do you know
much about planet Earth?
>>SEPPI: Particularly, what
would you like to know?
>>NOORY: Why is it so
warring and hateful?
>>SEPPI: This is a planet
that is made of duality,
and it is here that
people come to experience
the good and the bad.
And although war is a
very terrible thing that
occurs on this planet,
it is something
that is part of the
makeup of humanity
so that you can
experience forgiveness, so
that you can
experience compassion,
so that you can experience
what it is like to reach out
to those that are in need.
If you have a planet
that is only love, which
this planet can become, you
do not have these things.
You do not have war.
You do not have poverty.
You do not have hunger.
But humanity has not
yet reached that state
that they do not need
these things to grow.
>>NOORY: What does the
soul mean to you, Tiamu?
>>SEPPI: A soul is a
source consciousness unit,
and a soul continues to grow.
A soul continues to expand.
When I came into
being, I started out
in the Andromedan system.
But the planet, as I said that
we were on, is no longer there.
So within our lifetimes,
there are so much longer
than they are here
with the human species.
But I too have
chosen to incarnate
and have other experiences.
I have experienced what it's
like to be an Arcturian.
And after that cycle
was over, I came back
to be an Andromedan again.
You right now are experiencing
what it's like to be a human.
And you will go back
and see what it's
like to be an Arcturian again.
>>NOORY: How did you
find Sheila, the body
you're talking through?
>>SEPPI: We are all
part of the same.
The body is the vessel.
The body is what allows us
to have the human experience.
The body and the
brain is what allows
us to have all of the various
senses that we experience.
But what we know
of as Sheila came--
this was the body.
And Sheila, as you
know her now, was
part of the collective energy.
And she is a source
consciousness,
or she is the consciousness unit
that comes from The Collective.
And we all are part of
the source consciousness.
>>NOORY: What do
you think of Sheila?
>>SEPPI: I think
that she's here doing
the work that The Collective
has sent her to do.
>>NOORY: And is
she doing it well?
>>SEPPI: She is
doing it very well.
>>NOORY: Good.
What final words would
you have for all of us?
>>SEPPI: To realize that you are
so much more than you have been
told that you are, that you
are greater beyond anything
that you could possibly imagine.
You have that divine source
consciousness within you.
You are very, very
powerful co-creators.
And as such, be careful
with that which you create.
>>NOORY: Are we welcome
to join the space race?
>>SEPPI: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
And it will be wonderful.
And it's just a matter of
time before the human race
is ready to acknowledge
and to become part
of the galactic civilizations.
>>NOORY: But we're
not there yet?
>>SEPPI: We are almost there.
There are many timelines
right now at play.
And within a timeline, you
have to look at that as it is
a field of all possibilities.
And wherever humanity is
placing its intention,
it begins to weigh
that timeline down.
And as the timeline weighs down
with all of this intention,
the likelihood of it
occurring will happen.
>>NOORY: Thank you, Tiamu.
>>SEPPI: It is my pleasure.
>>NOORY: Sheila, come back.
Are you there?
>>SEPPI: I am here.
>>NOORY: What did
you think of that?
>>SEPPI: I love Tiamu.
I love her energy
as it flows through.
And it's funny, because
as I hear her talk,
a lot of the things
that she says
are things that I talk
with my clients about.
A lot of the things
that she says
are things that I know
within me to be true,
and it just verifies
and confirms to me
more and more every day that
we are one and the same.
>>NOORY: What do you
think is the greatest
message you personally
could give to humans?
>>SEPPI: I think it's very
similar to what Tiamu says,
that we are all so
much greater than we
have been told that we are.
And when I work with
people, I really
try to get them to acknowledge
and to embrace that soul
aspect that they are everything
that I do, whether it's
my healing work with
spirit way, wellness,
whether I'm talking with clients
as Sheila Seppi, whatever that
is.
I have to back up and say early
on, my group came to me and they
said, people cannot drop into
the essence of who they truly
are when they're in pain.
They cannot embrace the joy
that the soul has to offer when
they're in pain.
So that's why I also provide
healing services because I want
to get people out of
pain so they can drop in
and embrace who they are.
>>NOORY: Sheila,
what do doctors say
about your miraculous change?
>>SEPPI: They basically
patted me on the back
and said their medicine
did a great job.
>>NOORY: They're
taking credit for it?
>>SEPPI: They did.
They took credit,
which was OK with me
because I didn't
know any different.
>>NOORY: Did you ever
tell them what you did?
>>SEPPI: No.
[LAUGHS] No, I don't think
that they would have accepted
it because at that
time, it was very hard
for me to even conceive that
such a thing could happen.
>>NOORY: What's the
next step for humanity?
>>SEPPI: The next
step for humanity
is moving into these
higher-dimensional frequencies.
And we are already doing
that, because a lot of people
are starting to raise
their vibration,
because they're learning how
to drop into the essence of who
they are at a soul level.
They're bringing
in and anchoring
in more of their higher selves.
They're even going up
into their own oversouls
and being able to pull down
some of the angelic essences,
or to bring in more of their--
I like to call it
galactic family,
but most people say they're
extraterrestrial essences.
So humanity is already beginning
to shift and to change.
>>NOORY: It is truly remarkable.
Is there a great future for us?
>>SEPPI: There
definitely can be.
There are many timelines.
And the timeline that is
the most promising right
now that I am aware of is what
people call the inscension.
Now, in the book, I talk a
great deal about the inscension.
And I started earlier
talking about source and then
how source came in and
had the master oversoul,
and then the soul families all
the way down to the soul that
connected.
That is the inscension process,
bringing in those higher
dimensional energies.
And as each human, as each
individual begins to grow,
they can anchor more of that
higher frequency within them.
And as they do that,
then the ascension
is that transformational
process.
Because it is believed that this
planet used to be a 5D planet
already, and then it was lowered
into the 3D for a variety
of reasons, one,
with the polarity.
But we now are in that process
that humanity, by and large,
has experienced and
had this 3D experience.
And they're ready to now
move into something higher.
But because we have time, we
could say that we're already
in 4D, and we're getting
ready to move into 5D.
>>NOORY: Sheila, where
do people get your book
Cosmic Convergence?
>>SEPPI: Well, they can go to
my website, sheilaseppi.com.
They can go to Amazon,
and they can find it
in a variety of bookstores.
>>NOORY: Sheila, Thanks for
being on Beyond Belief and thank
Barbara Lamb for us.
>>SEPPI: Absolutely.
Thank you so much for the
opportunity to be here.
>>NOORY: If you ever come
across a walk-in, a starseed,
or a hybrid, you'll realize that
they are very special people
and they're looking out for you.
Thanks for watching
Beyond Belief.
[MUSIC PLAYING]